Docs: Add CI description (#4820)
abapGit/abapGit: docs/collections/_development/ci.md

---
title: CI Tests
order: 75
---

# abapGit CI Tests

Latest build: https://ci.abapgit.org

> Repo [abapGit CI](https://github.com/abapGit/CI) provides basic continuous intergration capabilities for abapGit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Repo [abapGit CI](https://github.com/abapGit/CI) provides basic continuous integration capabilities for abapGit. The repository aims to test the serialization and deserialization of object types, as these cannot be unit tested properly.
```
